The watch lacks a total of 3 pieces of 26 rings.
Okay, ha, ha, ha.
That's bad.
Sure, even Western Liang snacks with only two brushes are all your fault.
What is this bastard shooting at compared to others?
Yes, the horse has been returned.
It is still returned a little compared to the previous level.
Dear, you are wonderful.
That piece of shit must be so scary that he peed his pants.
The boy saw what the gold content of the national champion was.
Wife, I advise you.
Or admit defeat early?
Save a Generous Smile
Hahahahahahaha you see how this little boy even if the bow strings are pulled off can be compared to the young master.
Garbage is trash.
Life can't be a climate.
What a clown.
You're cowards.
You're obviously touching the girl's hands and feet.
Shut up, bitch.
Is this your place to talk?
Now the results are clear.
Don't bother me here.
A million soldiers, if I remember correctly.
Is this archery area your family's name?
Deliberately giving up on my people.
You really think I'm a bully, don't you?
You can't really say that.
You have no reason to say that I've done my hands and feet on the sword.
Do you have any proof?
Your friend what you waiting for
Let's see what Qin George does.
I saw he was ready to surrender.
Millions of owners quickly declare the result of victory.
Who said I would lose?
Do you want to cheat publicly?
Or do you want to use this bow against the young master?
Why not?
10 And all the arrows are solemn.
Tonight, three swords totaling 30 are still skills.
What?
Return it at any time.
Xiao Zhang, you must have counted wrong.
Quickly count.
Did we just look at the flower eyes?
This was a virtual sword that had been lost for hundreds of years, setting up a kind of supreme trick that could stand alone in the world.
How could it reappear on the Qin Tu?